balancing school and work and home life is really tricky. And I think
that one of the tips that I could give you here is to first of all,
be realistic about really, how much time you have and how much time
you could devote to each of these things. The second piece of advice
I would give you is Thio. Understand that it's not like you're going
to be giving equal attention Thio all aspects of your life all the
time. Things usually come in waves, so there may be some time. Some
days when you're spending more time on work or more time on school
or more time on family and as long as kind of like in the end, it all
balances out, then that's just fine, Um, but it's usually never going
to be equal all the time.